en: refactor monitoring docs (#1020)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/enable-tidb-cluster-auto-scaling.md

The TiDB component can be configured using `spec.tidb`. Currently, the auto-scaling API of TiDB is the same as that of TiKV.

> In a `TidbClusterAutoScaler` object, the `cluster` attribute specifies the TiDB clusters to be auto-scaled. These clusters are marked by `name` and `namespace`. You need to provide the metrics collection and query service to `TidbClusterAutoScaler` because it captures resource usage through the metrics collection component. The `monitor` attribute refers to the `TidbMonitor` object. For more information, see [Monitor TiDB Clusters using TidbMonitor](monitor-a-tidb-cluster.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a `TidbClusterAutoScaler` object, the `cluster` attribute specifies the TiDB clusters to be auto-scaled. These clusters are marked by `name` and `namespace`. You need to provide the metrics collection and query service to `TidbClusterAutoScaler` because it captures resource usage through the metrics collection component. The `monitor` attribute refers to the `TidbMonitor` object. For more information, see [Deploy Monitoring and Alerts for a TiDB Cluster](monitor-a-tidb-cluster.md).
```
